## As our endosphere and seed ITS sequencing got high percentage of Glycine max ITS contamination. we decided to design ITS2 blocker to elimimate the amplification of soybean ITS amplification

Principles [Lundberg](https://www.nature.com/articles/nmeth.2634#supplementary-information):
Peptide nucleic acid (PNA) design.
To identify candidate PNA oligo sequences, we fragmented in silico the full length A. thaliana plastid and mitochondrial 16S sequences into short k-mers for k of length 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13, and we queried for exact matches against the 4 February 2011 version of the Greengenes 16S training set comprising 35,430 unique, high-quality full-length bacterial sequences (Supplementary Fig. 10). A. thaliana–specific k-mers falling between the 515F and 806R 16S rRNA primers (V4 region) were considered candidates and were lengthened as necessary to increase the predicted melting temperatures and were screened for design characteristics15, 20.

A successful elongation arrest PNA clamp is generally between 13 bp and 17 bp and has an annealing temperature above that of the PCR primer whose extension it blocks and a melting temperature above that used for the extension cycle20. We designed 17-mer sequences to block the plastid and mitochondria, each with a predicted melting temperature around 80 °C (Supplementary Table 1f). Melting temperature, problematic hairpins, GC content and other design considerations were calculated using the Life Technologies PNA designer (http://www6.appliedbiosystems.com/support/pnadesigner.cfm).

The anti-mitochondrial PNA (mPNA) 5′-GGCAAGTGTTCTTCGGA-3′ and the anti-plastid PNA (pPNA) 5′-GGCTCAACCCTGGACAG-3′ (Supplementary Table 1f) were ordered from PNA Bio. Lyophilized PNA was resuspended in sterile water to a stock concentration of 100 μM. For PNA concentrations that were repeatedly tested, working stocks of 5 μM, 15 μM, 25 μM and 40 μM were prepared in water. All stocks were stored at −20 °C and heated to 65 °C before use to resolubilize any precipitate.
PNA should have higher annealing temperature
